Why haven’t you called her ancestor yet?
Forget calling her ancestor
With a rotten junior like that
I’d be afraid it’d shorten my life
Don’t worry
As long as you know your place
The video matter
I’ll keep it a secret for you
I’ve given you your chance
What you choose is up to you
Let’s go
Why’d you tell them
You’re the adopted son of the Qín family?
Now all those outsiders
Are mocking you
Because
I want to be with you
Openly and honorably
Since you’re going to
Inherit the Qín family’s empire
If I don’t reveal my status
Your Eldest Miss
Would I have to keep being called
The Young Master of the Qín family
And commit sibling incest with you?
I don’t mind
It’s just
I can’t bear to let you
Out there
Be pointed at by others